# Embedded-Lab-5

Question 2:
Within the code for Question 2, a software PWM was generated that controls the brightness of the Red LED on the MSP430.  It has a duty cycle of 10% of the total period, and the total period is 500 ms.  This was achieved by setting the PWM frequency to 2 Hz (TACCRO = 62500-1;) and then setting the PWM duty cycle to be 10 percent of the period frequency (TACCTL1 = 6250-1;).  500 ms the Red LED will be on and bright for the 50 ms of the duty cycle and then it will be turned back off.  These observations were tested with an oscilloscope where the measured period was found to be 513 ms with a duty cycle of 51 ms making it 9.94% and the frequency of the signal was 1.95 Hz.  This was a very close observations with the small error most likely due to the inconsistancies within the cables running to the oscilliscope.

Question 3:
Much like question 2, here a PWM was also generated however in this case teh duty cyle is larger at 20% and the period is smaller at 250 ms.  The difference with the implimentation is the use of interrupts rather than the polling method used in Question 2.  With the interrupts, the code only fires when the TIMER0_A0 and TIMER0_A1 within the timer are fired.  At the start of the code the Capture/compare interrupt is enabled for both TA0CCTL0 and TA0CCTL1 (CCIE).  The code also clears the flags for each of the previously mentioned registers (~CCIFG).  When the duty cycle, set to 20% of the 250 ms period, rises the interrupt TA0_ISR is flagged causing the Red LED to be turned on.  The interrupt flag is then set back to 0 returning the code from the interrupt.  When the duty cycle falls the intuerrupt TA1_ISR is flagged causing the Red LED to be turned off and the interrupt flag is set back to 0 returning the code from the interrupt and completing the infinite loop.
